---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-16T16:00:47.659Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-16T16:00:22.931Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-16-6c7fe4cf-f150-4320-aa6d-4d40dc1db8ee.md
published: true
url: 6c7fe4cf-f150-4320-aa6d-4d40dc1db8ee/index.html
_type: Article

---
****

**Services Heli Drone**

****

****Heli Drone services****

****

_"My passion for aerial views goes beyond my dream of flying, it is reflected in every detail in achieving the expected results. I assure you that you will be more than satisfied with my work."_

**Antoine Léger**

Although he
as been flying helicopters over the past twenty years, particularly on behalf
of Koptair, CHL, Whitewind, TVA and for individuals from the highest levels,
the expertise of Antoine Léger, who also operates drones in recent years, is
not limited to piloting aircraft. He holds a Special Flight Operating Certificate
from Transport Canada, a professional drone pilot certificate from CQFA, a Pilot
Decision Making training by Transport Canada, an IFR licence on helicopters,
and a harsh environment survival training course in LG2\. His business acumen
and spirit of the entrepreneurial also encouraged him to follow a management
course at McGill University. An innate ability to capture images and a developed
artistic sense complete the picture of his great skills.

With a strong experience in photography, especially on film and productions of
all kinds, this high-level pilot has over a thousand hours in aerial
photography outlets. His creativity and talent in filmmaking provide
technically flawless and beautiful images. His broad network of contacts in aviation, production
and government authorities ensures a collaborative asset in obtaining permits and giving
him access to a large supplier base. It enabled him to perform a series of shootings in France and Canada. Antoine has a spirit of initiative, a keen instinct, great attention to detail and the ability to make the right decisions quickly while remaining flexible. He has a reputation for listening, he is solution-oriented and is engaged to deliver within agreed deadlines. These factors
combined give him a 360˚ vision of the business sector
and a global expertise.

Wanting to
offer the best service to its customers and to provide a level of satisfaction
that is well beyond the expectations it raises rave reviews following each delivered
project. The Old Port of Montreal, St-Martin/St Barths, Lolë, SportsExperts, Wet
Set MTL, 360 L'agence and Groupe PVP are on the list who have benefited from Heli
Drone Services, Heli Drone Images and Antoine Leger."_We appreciate your __autonomy in obtaining
permits and your discretion during the events. In addition, the
videos and photos were really appreciated by our customer. We will continue to work with you in our events."_

Patrice Slavinski, 360 L'agence for Lolë White Tour Toronto and Montreal.__

****

**Service Offering**

****

**Heli Drone ****Services**

Helicopter
and Drone piloting

Helicopter
charter (Agusta, Bell, Eurocopter, Hughes, Robinson)

Aviation safety
consultation

On set communication with institutional authorities

****

****

****

**Heli Drone Images**

Aerial photography and videography using drones or helicopters

**Drone**

Special features: 

Swift, quiet,
efficient, accessible, suitable for small
format productions, allows you to
be closer to the subject. 

**Helicopter**

Special features:

Spacious, stable, heavy lifting
capabilities, longer flight time, large cabin to accommodate the crew, rig and
equipment.

****

**Activity sector**

- Production (TV and Movie)

- Engineering inspection (Act 122)

- Sample Survey (agriculture)

- Infrared images

- Data collection

With Heli Drone Services each
customer is guaranteed a great interest in understanding the proposed project.
Driven by the fascination for seeing the surroundings from above, a conscientious
creative team will offer the best and safest solutions to ensure complete
satisfaction for all mandates.

__